QUESTION
 What are the different data types present in javascript?
Explain Hoisting in javascript.
Difference between “ == “ and “ === “ operators.
 Explain Implicit Type Coercion in javascript.
Is javascript a statically typed or a dynamically typed language?
What is NaN property in JavaScript?
Explain passed by value and passed by reference.
What is an Immediately Invoked Function in JavaScript?
 Explain Higher Order Functions in javascript.
 Explain “this” keyword.
 Explain call(), apply() and, bind() methods.
What is currying in JavaScript?
 Explain Scope and Scope Chain in javascript.
Explain Closures in JavaScript.
 What are object prototypes?
What are callbacks?
What is memoization?
What is recursion in a programming language?
 What is the use of a constructor function in javascript?
 What is DOM?
What are arrow functions?
What is the rest parameter and spread operator?
 What is the use of promises in javascript?
What are classes in javascript?
What are generator functions?
Explain WeakSet in javascript.
 Explain WeakMap in javascript.
What is Object Destructuring?
What is a Temporal Dead Zone?
What are the possible ways to create objects in JavaScript
What is a prototype chain
What is JSON and its common operations
What is the purpose of the array slice method
What is the purpose of the array splice method
How do you compare Object and Map
What is the difference between == and === operators
What are lambda or arrow functions
What is a first class function
What is a first order function
What is a higher order function
What is a unary function
What is the currying function
What is a pure function
What is the purpose of the let keyword
What is the reason to choose the name let as a keyword
How do you redeclare variables in switch block without an error
How do you decode or encode a URL in JavaScript?
What is memoization
What is Hoisting
What are classes in ES6
What are closures
What are modules
Why do you need modules
What is scope in javascript
What is a service worker
How do you manipulate DOM using a service worker
How do you reuse information across service worker restarts
What is IndexedDB
What is web storage
What is a post message
What is a Cookie
Why do you need a Cookie
What are the options in a cookie
How do you delete a cookie
What is the main difference between localStorage and sessionStorage
How do you access web storage
What are the methods available on session storage
What is a storage event and its event handler
Why do you need web storage
How do you check web storage browser support
How do you check web workers browser support
Give an example of a web worker
What are the restrictions of web workers on DOM
What is a promise
Why do you need a promise
What are the three states of promise
What is a callback function
Why do we need callbacks
What is a callback hell
What are server-sent events
How do you receive server-sent event notifications
How do you check browser support for server-sent events
What are the main rules of promise
What is callback in callback
What is promise chaining
What is promise.all
What is the purpose of the race method in promise
What is a strict mode in javascript
Why do you need strict mode
How do you declare strict mode
What is the purpose of double exclamation
What is the purpose of the delete operator
What is the typeof operator
What is undefined property
What is null value
What is eval
How do you access history in javascript
How do you detect caps lock key turned on or not
What is isNaN
What are global variables
What are the problems with global variables
What is NaN property
What is the purpose of isFinite function
What is an event flow
What is event bubbling
What is event capturing
How do you submit a form using JavaScript
How do you find operating system details
What is the difference between document load and DOMContentLoaded events
What is the difference between native, host and user objects
What are the tools or techniques used for debugging JavaScript code
What are the pros and cons of promises over callbacks
What is the difference between an attribute and a property
What is same-origin policy
What is the purpose of void 0
Is JavaScript a compiled or interpreted language
Is JavaScript a case-sensitive language
Is there any relation between Java and JavaScript
What are events
Who created javascript
What is the use of preventDefault method
What is the use of stopPropagation method
What are the steps involved in return false usage
What is BOM
What is the use of setTimeout
What is the use of setInterval
Why is JavaScript treated as Single threaded
What is an event delegation
What is ECMAScript
What is JSON
What are the syntax rules of JSON
What is the purpose JSON stringify
How do you parse JSON string
Why do you need JSON
What are PWAs
What is the purpose of clearTimeout method
What is the purpose of clearInterval method
How do you redirect new page in javascript
How do you check whether a string contains a substring
How do you validate an email in javascript
How do you get the current url with javascript
What are the various url properties of location object
How do get query string values in javascript
How do you check if a key exists in an object
How do you loop through or enumerate javascript object
How do you test for an empty object
What is an arguments object
How do you make first letter of the string in an uppercase
What are the pros and cons of for loop
How do you display the current date in javascript
How do you compare two date objects
How do you check if a string starts with another string
How do you trim a string in javascript
How do you add a key value pair in javascript
Is the !-- notation represents a special operator
How do you assign default values to variables
How do you define multiline strings
What is an app shell model
Can we define properties for functions
What is the way to find the number of parameters expected by a function
What is a polyfill
What are break and continue statements
What are js labels
What are the benefits of keeping declarations at the top
What are the benefits of initializing variables
What are the recommendations to create new object
How do you define JSON arrays
How do you generate random integers
Can you write a random integers function to print integers with in a range
What is tree shaking
What is the need of tree shaking
Is it recommended to use eval
What is a Regular Expression
What are the string methods available in Regular expression
What are regular expression patterns
What is a RegExp object
How do you search a string for a pattern
What is the purpose of exec method
How do you change the style of a HTML element
What would be the result of 1+2+'3'
What is a debugger statement
What is the purpose of breakpoints in debugging
Can I use reserved words as identifiers
How do you detect a mobile browser
How do you detect a mobile browser without regexp
How do you get the image width and height using JS
How do you make synchronous HTTP request
How do you make asynchronous HTTP request
How do you convert date to another timezone in javascript
What are the properties used to get size of window
What is a conditional operator in javascript
Can you apply chaining on conditional operator
What are the ways to execute javascript after page load
What is the difference between proto and prototype
Give an example where do you really need semicolon
What is a freeze method
What is the purpose of freeze method? Why do I need to use freeze method
How do you detect a browser language preference
How to convert string to title case with javascript