What is React?
What are the major features of React?
What is JSX?
What is the difference between Element and Component?
How to create components in React?
What is state in React?
What are props in React?
What is the difference between state and props?
What is the purpose of callback function as an argument of setState()?
What is the difference between HTML and React event handling?
How to pass a parameter to an event handler or callback?
What is "key" prop and what is the benefit of using it in arrays of elements?
What is the use of refs?
How to create refs?
What is Virtual DOM?
How Virtual DOM works?
What is the difference between Shadow DOM and Virtual DOM?
What are the lifecycle methods of React?
What is the purpose of using super constructor with props argument?
What would be the common mistake of function being called every time the component renders?
Why React uses className over class attribute?
What are the advantages of React?
What are the limitations of React?
How to apply validation on props in React?
What is the use of react-dom package?
What is the purpose of render method of react-dom?
What is ReactDOMServer?
How to use innerHTML in React?
How to use styles in React?
What is the impact of indexes as keys?
What will happen if you use props in initial state?
How do you conditionally render components?
Why we need to be careful when spreading props on DOM elements?
What is the lifecycle methods order in mounting?
What is the recommended way for naming components?
What is the recommended ordering of methods in component class?
What is a switching component?
What is strict mode in React?
How to loop inside JSX?
How to update a component every second?
How to pretty print JSON with React?
Why you can't update props in React?
How to focus an input element on page load?
What are the possible ways of updating objects in state?
How to import and export components using React and ES6?
Why is a component constructor called only once?
How to define constants in React?
What are the common folder structures for React?
What are the popular packages for animation?
What is the benefit of styles modules?
What are render props?
What is React Router?